Relying Party Solution (#615)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/defined-terms.rst

     - An Organizational Entity that relies upon an electronic identification or a Trust Service originating from a Wallet Instance. 
     - | Revised from ARF v1.4. 
       | *Differences:* renamed “natural or legal person” in “Organizational Entity”.
   * - Relying Party Solution

>      - Relying Party Solution is the entire product (combination of software, hardware, services and settings) provided by a Relying Party to Users and compliant with IT-Wallet technical specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - A comprehensive product that may include software, hardware, cloud services, and configurations. It facilitates Credential presentations in various contexts - online, offline, proximity, or remote - through the use of remote web services or specialized applications, such as Credential Verifier mobile apps and or embedded technologies.
```

     - 

>    * - Relying Party Backend
>      - Is the technical infrastructure and server-side components, including a set of endpoints, managed by a Relying Party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - Relying Party Backend
     - Remote infrastructure with server-side components, generally RESTful, including a predefined set of web endpoints, managed by a Relying Party Solution provider.
```
